>> Will Sentance: Before we do that,
what are the problems of this?
No problems.
There's a beautiful intuitive approach
once we understand under the hood
how it's working.
Response data, it's only available
in the call-back function.
We don't see this here,
we're gonna see it in a moment.
Any data that comes back from
our web browser features work.
For example, I go and
get some tweets from Twitter.
They're gonna be parsed as
the argument to the function
that was set up to run on completion.
That can get pretty complex,
because the data is only gonna
be available inside of here.
That can get pretty messy.
And maybe it feels odd to think that
parsing a function into another function,
only for it to run much later.
Maybe it feels odd?
It definitely feels odd.
When I see that, setTimeout(printHello,0),
everything tells me that I must be running
printHello somehow inside setTimeout.
Everything tells me that.
Especially if it says zero milliseconds.
And yet, I am absolutely not.
I am passing a function definition in,
only for
it to be invoked beyond my control.
Much later in application.
That losing control of our execution and
defining something,
printHello separately that's gonna
[INAUDIBLE] Well, not arbitrarily, but
beyond that control going to be called?
Late.
When we write code we kind of think
of it somewhat at least of being,
I'm taking control of
the structure of my code.
But instead I'm leaving a whole piece
to be run beyond my control later on.
That is a weird feeling.
I'll say this, once you understand
under the hood how it's working.
it's actually not too bad.
If you don't understand under the hood
how it's working, it's horrible.
But if you understand under
the hood how it's working,
you know that this is a pretend
function in JavaScript.
It's a facade.
For functionality in the background.
You know this function is gonna
be passed into a queue and
then allowed back into the JavaScript,
yes, beyond your control, but
that's the whole nature of
asynchronous programming.
You do a single thread
of sending off tasks and
you bring them back in automatically,
ready to be used in function or
their return values or
their response values.
Ready to be used in functionality that
you set up earlier to be called later on.
You get that that the very model of
asynchronous input, output architectures.
You get that that's the design.
But I understand it's not intuitive.
Benefits, super explicit once you
understand how it works under the hood.
The function you parse in
is gonna be auto-triggered.
From the Web browser feature's completion,
back into JavaScript, and then be called
when the Web browser finishes its work,
or Web browser feature finishes its work.